Added legal note about targeting engine (#9706)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/18_Tools_and_Features/37_Targeting_and_Personalization/README.md

## Opt-out from targeting
You can give the user the possibility to opt-out from targeting at any time, by setting the following cookie: `pimcore_targeting_disabled=1`. 

> > **I use the targeting engine on my website. Should my users be aware of these cookies?** Since privacy laws vary from country to country, 
> > we recommend that you consult with your legal team or company to determine which cookies need to be listed on your site and whether or
> > not a cookie manager should be utilized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since privacy laws vary from country to country, we recommend that you consult with your legal team or company to check what needs to be done before using this features. 
```

Reviewer: @NiklasBr you're right, I'd also suggest a more generic information.
